README.md, before:

# Port for leaflet 1.0.0-beta.2
Try to make this plugin to work with leaflet 1.0.0-beta.2
 - Polygon working
 - Polyline working
 
 --need more tests... :(

# Important
Leaflet.draw 0.2.3+ requires [Leaflet 0.7.x](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet/releases).

Support for Leaflet 1.0 is in development at the [leaflet-master](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/tree/leaflet-master) branch.

# Leaflet.draw
Adds support for drawing and editing vectors and markers on [Leaflet maps](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet). Check out the [demo](http://leaflet.github.com/Leaflet.draw/).

#### Upgrading from Leaflet.draw 0.1

Leaflet.draw 0.2.0 changes a LOT of things from 0.1. Please see [BREAKING CHANGES](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/BREAKINGCHANGES.md) for how to upgrade.

## Table of Contents
[Using the plugin](#using)  
[Advanced Options](#options)  
[Common tasks](#commontasks)  
[Thanks](#thanks)

<a name="using" />
## Using the plugin

The default state for the control is the draw toolbar just below the zoom control. This will allow map users to draw vectors and markers. **Please note the edit toolbar is not enabled by default.**

To add the draw toolbar set the option `drawControl: true` in the map options.

````js
// create a map in the "map" div, set the view to a given place and zoom
var map = L.map('map', {drawControl: true}).setView([51.505, -0.09], 13);

// add an OpenStreetMap tile layer
L.tileLayer('http://{s}.tile.osm.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png', {
    attribution: '&copy; <a href="http://osm.org/copyright">OpenStreetMap</a> contributors'
}).addTo(map);
````

### Adding the edit toolbar

To use the edit toolbar you must initialise the Leaflet.draw control and manually add it to the map.

````js
// create a map in the "map" div, set the view to a given place and zoom
var map = L.map('map').setView([51.505, -0.09], 13);

// add an OpenStreetMap tile layer
L.tileLayer('http://{s}.tile.osm.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png', {
    attribution: '&copy; <a href="http://osm.org/copyright">OpenStreetMap</a> contributors'
}).addTo(map);

// Initialise the FeatureGroup to store editable layers
var drawnItems = new L.FeatureGroup();
map.addLayer(drawnItems);

// Initialise the draw control and pass it the FeatureGroup of editable layers
var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw({
	edit: {
		featureGroup: drawnItems
	}
});
map.addControl(drawControl);
````

The key here is the `featureGroup` option. This tells the plugin which `FeatureGroup` contains the layers that should be editable.

### Events

Once you have successfully added the Leaflet.draw plugin to your map you will want to respond to the different actions users can initiate. The following events will be triggered on the map:

#### draw:created

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layer | [Polyline](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#polyline)/[Polygon](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#polygon)/[Rectangle](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#rectangle)/[Circle](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#circle)/[Marker](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#marker) | Layer that was just created.
| layerType | String | The type of layer this is. One of: `polyline`, `polygon`, `rectangle`, `circle`, `marker`


Triggered when a new vector or marker has been created.

````js
map.on('draw:created', function (e) {
	var type = e.layerType,
		layer = e.layer;

	if (type === 'marker') {
		// Do marker specific actions
	}

	// Do whatever else you need to. (save to db, add to map etc)
	map.addLayer(layer);
});
````

#### draw:edited

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layers | [LayerGroup](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#layergroup) | List of all layers just edited on the map.

Triggered when layers in the FeatureGroup, initialised with the plugin, have been edited and saved.

````js
map.on('draw:edited', function (e) {
	var layers = e.layers;
	layers.eachLayer(function (layer) {
		//do whatever you want, most likely save back to db
	});
});
````

#### draw:deleted

Triggered when layers have been removed (and saved) from the FeatureGroup.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layers | [LayerGroup](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#layergroup) | List of all layers just removed from the map.

#### draw:drawstart

Triggered when the user has chosen to draw a particular vector or marker.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layerType | String | The type of layer this is. One of: `polyline`, `polygon`, `rectangle`, `circle`, `marker`

#### draw:drawstop

Triggered when the user has finished a particular vector or marker.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layerType | String | The type of layer this is. One of: `polyline`, `polygon`, `rectangle`, `circle`, `marker`

#### draw:editstart

Triggered when the user starts edit mode by clicking the edit tool button.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `edit`

#### draw:editstop

Triggered when the user has finshed editing (edit mode) and saves edits.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `edit`

#### draw:deletestart

Triggered when the user starts remove mode by clicking the remove tool button.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `remove`

#### draw:deletestop

Triggered when the user has finished removing shapes (remove mode) and saves.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `remove`

<a name="options" />
## Advanced options

You can configure the plugin by using the different options listed here.

### Control.Draw

These options make up the root object that is used when initialising the Leaflet.draw control.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| position | String | `'topleft'` | The initial position of the control (one of the map corners). See [control positions](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#control-positions).
| draw | [DrawOptions](#drawoptions) | `{}` | The options used to configure the draw toolbar.
| edit | [EditOptions](#editoptions) | `false` | The options used to configure the edit toolbar.

<a name="drawoptions" />
### DrawOptions

These options will allow you to configure the draw toolbar and its handlers.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| polyline | [PolylineOptions](#polylineoptions) | `{ }` | Polyline draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| polygon | [PolygonOptions](#polygonoptions) | `{ }` | Polygon draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| rectangle | [RectangleOptions](#rectangleoptions) | `{ }` | Rectangle draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| circle | [CircleOptions](#circleoptions) | `{ }` | Circle draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| marker | [MarkerOptions](#markeroptions) | `{ }` | Marker draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.

### Draw handler options

The following options will allow you to configure the individual draw handlers.

<a name="polylineoptions" />
#### PolylineOptions

Polyline and Polygon drawing handlers take the same options.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| allowIntersection | Bool | `true` | Determines if line segments can cross.
| drawError | Object | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Polyline.js#L10) | Configuration options for the error that displays if an intersection is detected.
| guidelineDistance | Number | `20` | Distance in pixels between each guide dash.
| shapeOptions | [Leaflet Polyline options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#polyline-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Polyline.js#L20) | The options used when drawing the polyline/polygon on the map.
| metric | Bool | `true` | Determines which measurement system (metric or imperial) is used.
| zIndexOffset | Number | `2000` | This should be a high number to ensure that you can draw over all other layers on the map.
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="polygonoptions" />
#### PolygonOptions

Polygon options include all of the Polyline options plus the option to show the approximate area.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| showArea | Bool | `false` | Show the area of the drawn polygon in m², ha or km². **The area is only approximate and become less accurate the larger the polygon is.**

<a name="rectangleoptions" />
#### RectangleOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| shapeOptions | [Leaflet Path options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#path-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Rectangle.js#L7) | The options used when drawing the rectangle on the map.
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="circleoptions" />
#### CircleOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| shapeOptions | [Leaflet Path options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#path-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Circle.js#L7) | The options used when drawing the circle on the map. 
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="markeroptions" />
#### MarkerOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| icon | [Leaflet Icon](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#icon) | `L.Icon.Default()` | The icon displayed when drawing a marker.
| zIndexOffset | Number | `2000` | This should be a high number to ensure that you can draw over all other layers on the map.
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="editoptions" />
### EditOptions

These options will allow you to configure the draw toolbar and its handlers.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| featureGroup | [Leaflet FeatureGroup](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#featuregroup) | `null` | This is the FeatureGroup that stores all editable shapes. **THIS IS REQUIRED FOR THE EDIT TOOLBAR TO WORK**
| edit | [EditHandlerOptions](#edithandleroptions) | `{ }` | Edit handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| remove | [DeleteHandlerOptions](#deletehandleroptions) | `{ }` | Delete handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.

<a name="edithandleroptions" />
#### EditHandlerOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| selectedPathOptions | [Leaflet Path options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#path-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/edit/handler/EditToolbar.Edit.js#L9) | The path options for how the layers will look while in edit mode. If this is set to null the editable path options will not be set.

**Note:** To maintain the original layer color of the layer use `maintainColor: true` within `selectedPathOptions`.

E.g. The edit options below will maintain the layer color and set the edit opacity to 0.3.

````js
{
	selectedPathOptions: {
		maintainColor: true,
		opacity: 0.3
	}
}
````

<a name="deletehandleroptions" />
#### DeleteHandlerOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---

<a name="drawlocal" />
#### Customizing language and text in Leaflet.draw

Leaflet.draw uses the `L.drawLocal` configuration object to set any text used in the plugin. Customizing this will allow support for changing the text or supporting another language.

See [Leaflet.draw.js](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/Leaflet.draw.js) for the default strings.

E.g.

````js
// Set the button title text for the polygon button
L.drawLocal.draw.toolbar.buttons.polygon = 'Draw a sexy polygon!';

// Set the tooltip start text for the rectangle
L.drawLocal.draw.handlers.rectangle.tooltip.start = 'Not telling...';
````

<a name="commontasks" />
## Common tasks

The following examples outline some common tasks.

### Example Leaflet.draw config

The following example will show you how to:

1. Change the position of the control's toolbar.
2. Customize the styles of a vector layer.
3. Use a custom marker.
4. Disable the delete functionality.

````js
var cloudmadeUrl = 'http://{s}.tile.cloudmade.com/BC9A493B41014CAABB98F0471D759707/997/256/{z}/{x}/{y}.png',
	cloudmade = new L.TileLayer(cloudmadeUrl, {maxZoom: 18}),
	map = new L.Map('map', {layers: [cloudmade], center: new L.LatLng(-37.7772, 175.2756), zoom: 15 });

var editableLayers = new L.FeatureGroup();
map.addLayer(editableLayers);

var MyCustomMarker = L.Icon.extend({
	options: {
		shadowUrl: null,
		iconAnchor: new L.Point(12, 12),
		iconSize: new L.Point(24, 24),
		iconUrl: 'link/to/image.png'
	}
});

var options = {
	position: 'topright',
	draw: {
		polyline: {
			shapeOptions: {
				color: '#f357a1',
				weight: 10
			}
		},
		polygon: {
			allowIntersection: false, // Restricts shapes to simple polygons
			drawError: {
				color: '#e1e100', // Color the shape will turn when intersects
				message: '<strong>Oh snap!<strong> you can\'t draw that!' // Message that will show when intersect
			},
			shapeOptions: {
				color: '#bada55'
			}
		},
		circle: false, // Turns off this drawing tool
		rectangle: {
			shapeOptions: {
				clickable: false
			}
		},
		marker: {
			icon: new MyCustomMarker()
		}
	},
	edit: {
		featureGroup: editableLayers, //REQUIRED!!
		remove: false
	}
};

var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw(options);
map.addControl(drawControl);

map.on('draw:created', function (e) {
	var type = e.layerType,
		layer = e.layer;

	if (type === 'marker') {
		layer.bindPopup('A popup!');
	}

	drawnItems.addLayer(layer);
});
````

### Disabling a toolbar

If you do not want a particular toolbar in your app you can turn it off by setting the toolbar to false.

````js
var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw({
	draw: false,
	edit: {
		featureGroup: editableLayers
	}
});
````

### Disabling a toolbar item

If you want to turn off a particular toolbar item, set it to false. The following disables drawing polygons and markers. It also turns off the ability to edit layers.

````js
var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw({
	draw: {
		polygon: false,
		marker: false
	},
	edit: {
		featureGroup: editableLayers,
		edit: false
	}
});
````

### Changing a drawing handlers options

You can change a draw handlers options after initialisation by using the `setDrawingOptions` method on the Leaflet.draw control.

E.g. to change the colour of the rectangle:

````js
drawControl.setDrawingOptions({
    rectangle: {
    	shapeOptions: {
        	color: '#0000FF'
        }
    }
});
````

### Creating a custom build

If you only require certain handlers (and not the UI), you may wish to create a custom build. You can generate the relevant jake command using the [build html file](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/build/build.html). 

See [edit handlers example](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/examples/edithandlers.html) which uses only the edit handlers.

<a name="thanks" />
## Thanks

Thanks so much to [@brunob](https://github.com/brunob), [@tnightingale](https://github.com/tnightingale), and [@shramov](https://github.com/shramov). I got a lot of ideas from their Leaflet plugins.

All the [contributors](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/graphs/contributors) and issue reporters of this plugin rock. Thanks for tidying up my mess and keeping the plugin on track.

The icons used for some of the toolbar buttons are either from http://glyphicons.com/ or inspired by them. <3 Glyphicons!

Finally, [@mourner](https://github.com/mourner) is the man! Thanks for dedicating so much of your time to create the gosh darn best JavaScript mapping library around.

Commit message:

Resolved Edit.Rectangle, now moving Resolved Draw.Circle, now creating with radius correctly Added Polygon.HasPoint, now you can indentify point in a polygon

README.md, after:

# Port for leaflet 1.0.0-beta.2
Try to work with leaflet 1.0.0-beta.2
 - Polygon working
 - Polyline working
 - Circle working
 - Rectangle working
 - Marker (point) working

 ### known issue
  - after editing, the shapes keeps the dotted border
  - only work with Leaflet 1.0.0-beta+

 ##### need a lot of tests.
 #

### ++______________From Original Fork _____________++

# Important
Leaflet.draw 0.2.3+ requires [Leaflet 0.7.x](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet/releases).

Support for Leaflet 1.0 is in development at the [leaflet-master](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/tree/leaflet-master) branch.

# Leaflet.draw
Adds support for drawing and editing vectors and markers on [Leaflet maps](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet). Check out the [demo](http://leaflet.github.com/Leaflet.draw/).

#### Upgrading from Leaflet.draw 0.1

Leaflet.draw 0.2.0 changes a LOT of things from 0.1. Please see [BREAKING CHANGES](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/BREAKINGCHANGES.md) for how to upgrade.

## Table of Contents
[Using the plugin](#using)  
[Advanced Options](#options)  
[Common tasks](#commontasks)  
[Thanks](#thanks)

<a name="using" />
## Using the plugin

The default state for the control is the draw toolbar just below the zoom control. This will allow map users to draw vectors and markers. **Please note the edit toolbar is not enabled by default.**

To add the draw toolbar set the option `drawControl: true` in the map options.

````js
// create a map in the "map" div, set the view to a given place and zoom
var map = L.map('map', {drawControl: true}).setView([51.505, -0.09], 13);

// add an OpenStreetMap tile layer
L.tileLayer('http://{s}.tile.osm.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png', {
    attribution: '&copy; <a href="http://osm.org/copyright">OpenStreetMap</a> contributors'
}).addTo(map);
````

### Adding the edit toolbar

To use the edit toolbar you must initialise the Leaflet.draw control and manually add it to the map.

````js
// create a map in the "map" div, set the view to a given place and zoom
var map = L.map('map').setView([51.505, -0.09], 13);

// add an OpenStreetMap tile layer
L.tileLayer('http://{s}.tile.osm.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png', {
    attribution: '&copy; <a href="http://osm.org/copyright">OpenStreetMap</a> contributors'
}).addTo(map);

// Initialise the FeatureGroup to store editable layers
var drawnItems = new L.FeatureGroup();
map.addLayer(drawnItems);

// Initialise the draw control and pass it the FeatureGroup of editable layers
var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw({
	edit: {
		featureGroup: drawnItems
	}
});
map.addControl(drawControl);
````

The key here is the `featureGroup` option. This tells the plugin which `FeatureGroup` contains the layers that should be editable.

### Events

Once you have successfully added the Leaflet.draw plugin to your map you will want to respond to the different actions users can initiate. The following events will be triggered on the map:

#### draw:created

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layer | [Polyline](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#polyline)/[Polygon](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#polygon)/[Rectangle](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#rectangle)/[Circle](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#circle)/[Marker](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#marker) | Layer that was just created.
| layerType | String | The type of layer this is. One of: `polyline`, `polygon`, `rectangle`, `circle`, `marker`


Triggered when a new vector or marker has been created.

````js
map.on('draw:created', function (e) {
	var type = e.layerType,
		layer = e.layer;

	if (type === 'marker') {
		// Do marker specific actions
	}

	// Do whatever else you need to. (save to db, add to map etc)
	map.addLayer(layer);
});
````

#### draw:edited

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layers | [LayerGroup](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#layergroup) | List of all layers just edited on the map.

Triggered when layers in the FeatureGroup, initialised with the plugin, have been edited and saved.

````js
map.on('draw:edited', function (e) {
	var layers = e.layers;
	layers.eachLayer(function (layer) {
		//do whatever you want, most likely save back to db
	});
});
````

#### draw:deleted

Triggered when layers have been removed (and saved) from the FeatureGroup.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layers | [LayerGroup](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#layergroup) | List of all layers just removed from the map.

#### draw:drawstart

Triggered when the user has chosen to draw a particular vector or marker.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layerType | String | The type of layer this is. One of: `polyline`, `polygon`, `rectangle`, `circle`, `marker`

#### draw:drawstop

Triggered when the user has finished a particular vector or marker.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| layerType | String | The type of layer this is. One of: `polyline`, `polygon`, `rectangle`, `circle`, `marker`

#### draw:editstart

Triggered when the user starts edit mode by clicking the edit tool button.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `edit`

#### draw:editstop

Triggered when the user has finshed editing (edit mode) and saves edits.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `edit`

#### draw:deletestart

Triggered when the user starts remove mode by clicking the remove tool button.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `remove`

#### draw:deletestop

Triggered when the user has finished removing shapes (remove mode) and saves.

| Property | Type | Description
| --- | --- | ---
| handler | String | The type of edit this is. One of: `remove`

<a name="options" />
## Advanced options

You can configure the plugin by using the different options listed here.

### Control.Draw

These options make up the root object that is used when initialising the Leaflet.draw control.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| position | String | `'topleft'` | The initial position of the control (one of the map corners). See [control positions](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#control-positions).
| draw | [DrawOptions](#drawoptions) | `{}` | The options used to configure the draw toolbar.
| edit | [EditOptions](#editoptions) | `false` | The options used to configure the edit toolbar.

<a name="drawoptions" />
### DrawOptions

These options will allow you to configure the draw toolbar and its handlers.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| polyline | [PolylineOptions](#polylineoptions) | `{ }` | Polyline draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| polygon | [PolygonOptions](#polygonoptions) | `{ }` | Polygon draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| rectangle | [RectangleOptions](#rectangleoptions) | `{ }` | Rectangle draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| circle | [CircleOptions](#circleoptions) | `{ }` | Circle draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| marker | [MarkerOptions](#markeroptions) | `{ }` | Marker draw handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.

### Draw handler options

The following options will allow you to configure the individual draw handlers.

<a name="polylineoptions" />
#### PolylineOptions

Polyline and Polygon drawing handlers take the same options.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| allowIntersection | Bool | `true` | Determines if line segments can cross.
| drawError | Object | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Polyline.js#L10) | Configuration options for the error that displays if an intersection is detected.
| guidelineDistance | Number | `20` | Distance in pixels between each guide dash.
| shapeOptions | [Leaflet Polyline options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#polyline-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Polyline.js#L20) | The options used when drawing the polyline/polygon on the map.
| metric | Bool | `true` | Determines which measurement system (metric or imperial) is used.
| zIndexOffset | Number | `2000` | This should be a high number to ensure that you can draw over all other layers on the map.
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="polygonoptions" />
#### PolygonOptions

Polygon options include all of the Polyline options plus the option to show the approximate area.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| showArea | Bool | `false` | Show the area of the drawn polygon in m², ha or km². **The area is only approximate and become less accurate the larger the polygon is.**

<a name="rectangleoptions" />
#### RectangleOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| shapeOptions | [Leaflet Path options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#path-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Rectangle.js#L7) | The options used when drawing the rectangle on the map.
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="circleoptions" />
#### CircleOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| shapeOptions | [Leaflet Path options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#path-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/draw/handler/Draw.Circle.js#L7) | The options used when drawing the circle on the map. 
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="markeroptions" />
#### MarkerOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| icon | [Leaflet Icon](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#icon) | `L.Icon.Default()` | The icon displayed when drawing a marker.
| zIndexOffset | Number | `2000` | This should be a high number to ensure that you can draw over all other layers on the map.
| repeatMode | Bool | `false` | Determines if the draw tool remains enabled after drawing a shape.

<a name="editoptions" />
### EditOptions

These options will allow you to configure the draw toolbar and its handlers.

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| featureGroup | [Leaflet FeatureGroup](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#featuregroup) | `null` | This is the FeatureGroup that stores all editable shapes. **THIS IS REQUIRED FOR THE EDIT TOOLBAR TO WORK**
| edit | [EditHandlerOptions](#edithandleroptions) | `{ }` | Edit handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.
| remove | [DeleteHandlerOptions](#deletehandleroptions) | `{ }` | Delete handler options. Set to `false` to disable handler.

<a name="edithandleroptions" />
#### EditHandlerOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---
| selectedPathOptions | [Leaflet Path options](http://leafletjs.com/reference.html#path-options) | [See code](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/edit/handler/EditToolbar.Edit.js#L9) | The path options for how the layers will look while in edit mode. If this is set to null the editable path options will not be set.

**Note:** To maintain the original layer color of the layer use `maintainColor: true` within `selectedPathOptions`.

E.g. The edit options below will maintain the layer color and set the edit opacity to 0.3.

````js
{
	selectedPathOptions: {
		maintainColor: true,
		opacity: 0.3
	}
}
````

<a name="deletehandleroptions" />
#### DeleteHandlerOptions

| Option | Type | Default | Description
| --- | --- | --- | ---

<a name="drawlocal" />
#### Customizing language and text in Leaflet.draw

Leaflet.draw uses the `L.drawLocal` configuration object to set any text used in the plugin. Customizing this will allow support for changing the text or supporting another language.

See [Leaflet.draw.js](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/src/Leaflet.draw.js) for the default strings.

E.g.

````js
// Set the button title text for the polygon button
L.drawLocal.draw.toolbar.buttons.polygon = 'Draw a sexy polygon!';

// Set the tooltip start text for the rectangle
L.drawLocal.draw.handlers.rectangle.tooltip.start = 'Not telling...';
````

<a name="commontasks" />
## Common tasks

The following examples outline some common tasks.

### Example Leaflet.draw config

The following example will show you how to:

1. Change the position of the control's toolbar.
2. Customize the styles of a vector layer.
3. Use a custom marker.
4. Disable the delete functionality.

````js
var cloudmadeUrl = 'http://{s}.tile.cloudmade.com/BC9A493B41014CAABB98F0471D759707/997/256/{z}/{x}/{y}.png',
	cloudmade = new L.TileLayer(cloudmadeUrl, {maxZoom: 18}),
	map = new L.Map('map', {layers: [cloudmade], center: new L.LatLng(-37.7772, 175.2756), zoom: 15 });

var editableLayers = new L.FeatureGroup();
map.addLayer(editableLayers);

var MyCustomMarker = L.Icon.extend({
	options: {
		shadowUrl: null,
		iconAnchor: new L.Point(12, 12),
		iconSize: new L.Point(24, 24),
		iconUrl: 'link/to/image.png'
	}
});

var options = {
	position: 'topright',
	draw: {
		polyline: {
			shapeOptions: {
				color: '#f357a1',
				weight: 10
			}
		},
		polygon: {
			allowIntersection: false, // Restricts shapes to simple polygons
			drawError: {
				color: '#e1e100', // Color the shape will turn when intersects
				message: '<strong>Oh snap!<strong> you can\'t draw that!' // Message that will show when intersect
			},
			shapeOptions: {
				color: '#bada55'
			}
		},
		circle: false, // Turns off this drawing tool
		rectangle: {
			shapeOptions: {
				clickable: false
			}
		},
		marker: {
			icon: new MyCustomMarker()
		}
	},
	edit: {
		featureGroup: editableLayers, //REQUIRED!!
		remove: false
	}
};

var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw(options);
map.addControl(drawControl);

map.on('draw:created', function (e) {
	var type = e.layerType,
		layer = e.layer;

	if (type === 'marker') {
		layer.bindPopup('A popup!');
	}

	drawnItems.addLayer(layer);
});
````

### Disabling a toolbar

If you do not want a particular toolbar in your app you can turn it off by setting the toolbar to false.

````js
var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw({
	draw: false,
	edit: {
		featureGroup: editableLayers
	}
});
````

### Disabling a toolbar item

If you want to turn off a particular toolbar item, set it to false. The following disables drawing polygons and markers. It also turns off the ability to edit layers.

````js
var drawControl = new L.Control.Draw({
	draw: {
		polygon: false,
		marker: false
	},
	edit: {
		featureGroup: editableLayers,
		edit: false
	}
});
````

### Changing a drawing handlers options

You can change a draw handlers options after initialisation by using the `setDrawingOptions` method on the Leaflet.draw control.

E.g. to change the colour of the rectangle:

````js
drawControl.setDrawingOptions({
    rectangle: {
    	shapeOptions: {
        	color: '#0000FF'
        }
    }
});
````

### Creating a custom build

If you only require certain handlers (and not the UI), you may wish to create a custom build. You can generate the relevant jake command using the [build html file](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/build/build.html). 

See [edit handlers example](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/blob/master/examples/edithandlers.html) which uses only the edit handlers.

<a name="thanks" />
## Thanks

Thanks so much to [@brunob](https://github.com/brunob), [@tnightingale](https://github.com/tnightingale), and [@shramov](https://github.com/shramov). I got a lot of ideas from their Leaflet plugins.

All the [contributors](https://github.com/Leaflet/Leaflet.draw/graphs/contributors) and issue reporters of this plugin rock. Thanks for tidying up my mess and keeping the plugin on track.

The icons used for some of the toolbar buttons are either from http://glyphicons.com/ or inspired by them. <3 Glyphicons!

Finally, [@mourner](https://github.com/mourner) is the man! Thanks for dedicating so much of your time to create the gosh darn best JavaScript mapping library around.
